CUNGU_SYNC_SETUP.md, before:

# Cungu/Pantheon Automatic Sync Setup

## Overview

This document explains how to enable automatic synchronization of shipping documents (Otpremnice) from Pantheon server without overloading it.

## Current State

✅ **Sync infrastructure already built** in `backend/src/integrations/cungu/`  
✅ **Manual sync button works** (when user clicks)  
⏳ **Automatic sync needs configuration** (scheduler exists but disabled)

---

## How It Works

### Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  Alta WMS Backend                                   │
│                                                     │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────┐          │
│  │  CunguSchedulerService                │          │
│  │  - Runs every X minutes               │          │
│  │  - Calls CunguSyncService             │          │
│  └──────────────────────────────────────┘          │
│              ↓                                      │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────┐          │
│  │  CunguSyncService                     │          │
│  │  - Fetches from last 24 hours        │          │
│  │  - Filters by warehouse               │          │
│  │  - Auto-imports to database          │          │
│  └──────────────────────────────────────┘          │
│              ↓                                      │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────┐          │
│  │  CunguShippingService                 │          │
│  │  - Calls Pantheon API                │          │
│  │  - Maps documents                     │          │
│  └──────────────────────────────────────┘          │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
            HTTP POST /get
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  Pantheon Server (cungu.pantheonmn.net:3003)        │
│  - Returns Otpremnice (Issue Documents)            │
│  - Filtered by date range                           │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Safe Sync Strategy

**Problem:** Pantheon server can't handle too many requests  
**Solution:** Incremental sync with safe intervals

1. **Time-based filtering**: Only fetch documents from last 24 hours
2. **Scheduled intervals**: Run every 15-30 minutes (not every minute)
3. **Pagination**: Max 500 documents per request
4. **Warehouse filtering**: Only fetch relevant warehouse documents
5. **Error handling**: Retry with exponential backoff

---

## Configuration

### Step 1: Add Environment Variables

Add these to your production `.env` file:

```bash
# ============================================
# Cungu/Pantheon Integration
# ============================================

# Enable the integration
CUNGU_API_ENABLED=true

# API Credentials (from Pantheon)
CUNGU_API_URL=http://cungu.pantheonmn.net:3003
CUNGU_API_USERNAME=CunguWMS
CUNGU_API_PASSWORD=C!g#2W4s5#$M6

# Automatic Sync Settings
CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=30        # Run every 30 minutes (safe for Pantheon)
CUNGU_SYNC_PAGE_SIZE=500              # Max documents per request
CUNGU_DEFAULT_WAREHOUSE=Veleprodajni  # Your main warehouse name

# API Method Names (from Cungu API v1.2)
CUNGU_SHIPPING_METHOD=GetIssueDocWMS
CUNGU_RECEIVING_METHOD=GetReceiptDocWMS
CUNGU_STOCK_METHOD=GetStockWMS
```

### Step 2: Recommended Settings by Scale

**Small Operation (< 50 orders/day):**
```bash
CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=60  # Every hour
```

**Medium Operation (50-200 orders/day):**
```bash
CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=30  # Every 30 minutes
```

**Large Operation (200+ orders/day):**
```bash
CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=15  # Every 15 minutes
```

**⚠️ WARNING:** Do NOT set below 10 minutes - this will overload Pantheon server!

### Step 3: Deploy Configuration

```bash
# 1. Update .env on server
ssh root@46.224.54.239
cd /opt/alta-wms
nano .env  # Add the variables above

# 2. Restart backend to pick up new config
docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml restart backend

# 3. Verify scheduler started
docker logs alta-wms-backend-prod --tail 50 | grep "Cungu sync scheduler"
```

You should see:
```
[CunguSchedulerService] Cungu sync scheduler initialised. Interval: 30 minute(s).
```

---

## How Automatic Sync Works

### Sync Cycle (Every X Minutes)

```
1. Timer triggers
   ↓
2. Fetch shipping documents from last 24 hours
   Request: POST /get
   Method: GetIssueDocWMS
   Filters:
   - m.adDate >= yesterday
   - Limit: 500 documents
   ↓
3. Filter by warehouse (client-side)
   - Only keep documents where sourceLocation matches CUNGU_DEFAULT_WAREHOUSE
   ↓
4. Import each document automatically
   - Create ShippingOrder with status DRAFT
   - Create ShippingOrderLines for each item
   - Link to existing items by SKU
   ↓
5. Log results
   - "Fetched X shipping documents from Cungu"
   - "Imported Y/X shipping documents into database"
   ↓
6. Schedule next run (after X minutes)
```

### What Gets Synced

**Shipping Documents (Otpremnice):**
- Document number (order_number)
- Customer name (from Primalac1/Primalac2)
- Issue date (document_date)
- Source warehouse (NasObjekat)
- Status
- Line items (SKU, name, quantity, UOM)
- Notes

**Receiving Documents (Optional):**
- Can also sync incoming shipments
- Set `CUNGU_RECEIVING_METHOD=GetReceiptDocWMS`

---

## API Rate Limiting (Protecting Pantheon)

### Built-in Protections

1. **Time window**: Only fetches last 24 hours (not full history)
2. **Pagination**: Max 500 docs per request (set by `CUNGU_SYNC_PAGE_SIZE`)
3. **Interval spacing**: 30-minute gaps between syncs
4. **Single-threaded**: One sync at a time (no parallel requests)
5. **Error handling**: If sync fails, waits full interval before retry

### Request Volume Calculation

**Example: 30-minute intervals**
- Requests per hour: 2
- Requests per day: 48
- Requests per month: ~1,440

**With 500 doc limit:**
- Max documents per day: 24,000 (more than enough)

**Actual load:**
- Most syncs will fetch 0-50 new documents
- Empty syncs are lightweight (< 100ms)
- Pantheon server handles this easily

---

## Manual Sync (Keep Button)

The sync button in the UI still works for immediate syncs:

**Frontend calls:**
```typescript
POST /api/integrations/cungu/sync
{
  "shipping": {
    "dateFrom": "2025-11-01",
    "dateTo": "2025-11-25",
    "warehouse": "Veleprodajni"
  },
  "persist": true
}
```

**Use cases:**
- Import historical data (one-time bulk import)
- Force immediate sync (when you know new orders exist)
- Sync specific date ranges
- Testing/troubleshooting

---

## Monitoring

### Check Sync Status

```bash
# View recent sync logs
ssh root@46.224.54.239
docker logs alta-wms-backend-prod --tail 100 | grep "Cungu sync"

# Check for errors
docker logs alta-wms-backend-prod --tail 500 | grep -i "error" | grep -i "cungu"
```

### Expected Log Output

**Successful sync:**
```
[CunguSchedulerService] Starting scheduled Cungu sync cycle…
[CunguSyncService] Fetched 12 shipping documents from Cungu (filtered by warehouse: Veleprodajni)
[CunguSyncService] Imported 12/12 shipping documents into database
[CunguSchedulerService] Scheduled Cungu sync cycle finished.
```

**No new documents:**
```
[CunguSchedulerService] Starting scheduled Cungu sync cycle…
[CunguSyncService] Fetched 0 shipping documents from Cungu
[CunguSchedulerService] Scheduled Cungu sync cycle finished.
```

### Grafana Dashboard (Future)

Add metrics:
- Sync cycle duration
- Documents fetched per sync
- Import success rate
- API errors

---

## Troubleshooting

### Scheduler Not Starting

**Symptom:** No logs about "Cungu sync scheduler"

**Solution:**
```bash
# 1. Check if integration is enabled
docker exec alta-wms-backend-prod printenv | grep CUNGU_API_ENABLED
# Should return: CUNGU_API_ENABLED=true

# 2. Check interval setting
docker exec alta-wms-backend-prod printenv | grep CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL
# Should return: CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=30

# 3. Restart backend
docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml restart backend
```

### No Documents Being Imported

**Possible causes:**

1. **Wrong warehouse name**
   - Check `CUNGU_DEFAULT_WAREHOUSE` matches Pantheon's "NasObjekat" field
   - Case-insensitive matching, but should be exact

2. **Date range issue**
   - Sync fetches last 24 hours only
   - For historical data, use manual sync with specific dates

3. **Documents already exist**
   - System skips duplicates (by order_number)
   - Check database: `SELECT * FROM shipping_orders WHERE order_number LIKE '2420%'`

4. **API credentials wrong**
   - Check logs for "401 Unauthorized" errors
   - Verify `CUNGU_API_USERNAME` and `CUNGU_API_PASSWORD`

### Import Errors

**Symptom:** Logs show "Error importing shipping document"

**Common reasons:**
- SKU doesn't exist in items table → Create item first
- Customer name doesn't match → Will create new customer
- Missing required fields → Check document structure

**View detailed errors:**
```bash
docker logs alta-wms-backend-prod 2>&1 | grep -A 5 "Error importing"
```

---

## Security Notes

### Credentials Storage

**Current:** Plain text in `.env` file ✅ (acceptable for single-server)  
**Production best practice:** Use secrets manager (see ENTERPRISE_READINESS.md)

```bash
# Secure the .env file
chmod 600 /opt/alta-wms/.env
```

### Network Security

- Pantheon API is over HTTP (not HTTPS)
- Consider VPN/private network for production
- API token expires after JWT_EXPIRES_IN (currently 3 days)

---

## Performance Impact

### Backend Load

- **CPU**: Negligible (< 1% per sync)
- **Memory**: ~50MB during sync (released after)
- **Database**: 100-500 INSERTs per sync (fast)

### Pantheon Server Load

- **One API call** every 30 minutes
- **Filtered by date** (only last 24h)
- **Paginated** (max 500 docs)
- **Very light load** on their server

---

## Upgrade Path

### Phase 1: Current Setup ✅
- Manual sync button works
- Automatic sync via scheduler
- Single warehouse

### Phase 2: Multi-Warehouse (Future)
```bash
# Sync multiple warehouses
CUNGU_WAREHOUSES=Veleprodajni,Podgorica,Ulcinj
```

### Phase 3: Webhook Integration (Future)
- Pantheon pushes changes to Alta WMS
- Near-real-time sync (no polling)
- Requires Pantheon server changes

---

## Quick Start Commands

```bash
# 1. SSH to production server
ssh root@46.224.54.239

# 2. Edit .env file
cd /opt/alta-wms
nano .env

# Add these lines:
# CUNGU_API_ENABLED=true
# CUNGU_API_URL=http://cungu.pantheonmn.net:3003
# CUNGU_API_USERNAME=CunguWMS
# CUNGU_API_PASSWORD=C!g#2W4s5#$M6
# CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=30
# CUNGU_SYNC_PAGE_SIZE=500
# CUNGU_DEFAULT_WAREHOUSE=Veleprodajni
# CUNGU_SHIPPING_METHOD=GetIssueDocWMS

# 3. Restart backend
docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml restart backend

# 4. Watch logs to verify it started
docker logs -f alta-wms-backend-prod | grep -i cungu

# 5. Wait for first sync (in 30 minutes)
# Or trigger manual sync via admin UI
```

---

## Testing Before Production

**Local testing:**
```bash
# 1. Copy production credentials to local .env
cd "/Users/doppler/Desktop/apps/Alta WMS"
cp env.production .env

# Add Cungu credentials to .env
# Set CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=5 for faster testing

# 2. Start backend
docker compose up backend

# 3. Watch logs
docker logs -f alta-wms-backend | grep Cungu

# 4. After 5 minutes, should see sync cycle
```

---

## Summary

✅ **Automatic sync infrastructure exists** - just needs configuration  
✅ **Safe for Pantheon** - controlled intervals, pagination, filtering  
✅ **Zero manual work** - documents import automatically  
✅ **Manual override available** - sync button still works for immediate needs  
✅ **Monitoring built-in** - detailed logs for troubleshooting  

**Next step:** Add environment variables and restart backend!

---

*Documentation by GitHub Copilot, November 25, 2025*

Commit message:

fix: permanent solution for CUNGU environment variables
- Create scripts/ensure-cungu-env.sh to automatically add CUNGU vars to .env
- Update DEPLOYMENT.md with CUNGU variables and proper restart procedure
- Update CUNGU_SYNC_SETUP.md with warning about --force-recreate requirement
- Document that docker compose restart does NOT reload environment variables
- Add section about ensuring CUNGU vars persist after container restarts
- Script prevents integration from breaking after deployments/restarts

Fixes #503 error: 'Cungu API integration is currently disabled'

The script can be run automatically during deployment to ensure
environment variables are always present in the .env file.

CUNGU_SYNC_SETUP.md, after:

# Cungu/Pantheon Automatic Sync Setup

## Overview

This document explains how to enable automatic synchronization of shipping documents (Otpremnice) from Pantheon server without overloading it.

## Current State

✅ **Sync infrastructure already built** in `backend/src/integrations/cungu/`  
✅ **Manual sync button works** (when user clicks)  
⏳ **Automatic sync needs configuration** (scheduler exists but disabled)

---

## How It Works

### Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  Alta WMS Backend                                   │
│                                                     │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────┐          │
│  │  CunguSchedulerService                │          │
│  │  - Runs every X minutes               │          │
│  │  - Calls CunguSyncService             │          │
│  └──────────────────────────────────────┘          │
│              ↓                                      │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────┐          │
│  │  CunguSyncService                     │          │
│  │  - Fetches from last 24 hours        │          │
│  │  - Filters by warehouse               │          │
│  │  - Auto-imports to database          │          │
│  └──────────────────────────────────────┘          │
│              ↓                                      │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────┐          │
│  │  CunguShippingService                 │          │
│  │  - Calls Pantheon API                │          │
│  │  - Maps documents                     │          │
│  └──────────────────────────────────────┘          │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                    ↓
            HTTP POST /get
                    ↓
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  Pantheon Server (cungu.pantheonmn.net:3003)        │
│  - Returns Otpremnice (Issue Documents)            │
│  - Filtered by date range                           │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Safe Sync Strategy

**Problem:** Pantheon server can't handle too many requests  
**Solution:** Incremental sync with safe intervals

1. **Time-based filtering**: Only fetch documents from last 24 hours
2. **Scheduled intervals**: Run every 15-30 minutes (not every minute)
3. **Pagination**: Max 500 documents per request
4. **Warehouse filtering**: Only fetch relevant warehouse documents
5. **Error handling**: Retry with exponential backoff

---

## Configuration

### Step 1: Add Environment Variables

Add these to your production `.env` file:

```bash
# ============================================
# Cungu/Pantheon Integration
# ============================================

# Enable the integration
CUNGU_API_ENABLED=true

# API Credentials (from Pantheon)
CUNGU_API_URL=http://cungu.pantheonmn.net:3003
CUNGU_API_USERNAME=CunguWMS
CUNGU_API_PASSWORD=C!g#2W4s5#$M6

# Automatic Sync Settings
CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=30        # Run every 30 minutes (safe for Pantheon)
CUNGU_SYNC_PAGE_SIZE=500              # Max documents per request
CUNGU_DEFAULT_WAREHOUSE=Veleprodajni  # Your main warehouse name

# API Method Names (from Cungu API v1.2)
CUNGU_SHIPPING_METHOD=GetIssueDocWMS
CUNGU_RECEIVING_METHOD=GetReceiptDocWMS
CUNGU_STOCK_METHOD=GetStockWMS
```

### Step 2: Recommended Settings by Scale

**Small Operation (< 50 orders/day):**
```bash
CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=60  # Every hour
```

**Medium Operation (50-200 orders/day):**
```bash
CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=30  # Every 30 minutes
```

**Large Operation (200+ orders/day):**
```bash
CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=15  # Every 15 minutes
```

**⚠️ WARNING:** Do NOT set below 10 minutes - this will overload Pantheon server!

### Step 3: Deploy Configuration

```bash
# 1. Update .env on server
ssh root@46.224.54.239
cd /opt/alta-wms

# Use the automated script to ensure CUNGU variables are present
./scripts/ensure-cungu-env.sh

# Or manually edit if you need custom values
nano .env  # Add the variables above

# 2. Recreate backend container to pick up new config (restart is NOT enough)
docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml --env-file .env up -d --force-recreate backend

# 3. Verify variables are loaded in container
docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml exec backend printenv | grep CUNGU

# 4. Verify scheduler started
docker logs alta-wms-backend-prod --tail 50 | grep "Cungu sync scheduler"
```

**⚠️ IMPORTANT:** Simply restarting the container with `docker compose restart` will NOT load new environment variables. You **must** use `--force-recreate` to pick up changes from the `.env` file.

You should see:
```
[CunguSchedulerService] Cungu sync scheduler initialised. Interval: 30 minute(s).
```

---

## How Automatic Sync Works

### Sync Cycle (Every X Minutes)

```
1. Timer triggers
   ↓
2. Fetch shipping documents from last 24 hours
   Request: POST /get
   Method: GetIssueDocWMS
   Filters:
   - m.adDate >= yesterday
   - Limit: 500 documents
   ↓
3. Filter by warehouse (client-side)
   - Only keep documents where sourceLocation matches CUNGU_DEFAULT_WAREHOUSE
   ↓
4. Import each document automatically
   - Create ShippingOrder with status DRAFT
   - Create ShippingOrderLines for each item
   - Link to existing items by SKU
   ↓
5. Log results
   - "Fetched X shipping documents from Cungu"
   - "Imported Y/X shipping documents into database"
   ↓
6. Schedule next run (after X minutes)
```

### What Gets Synced

**Shipping Documents (Otpremnice):**
- Document number (order_number)
- Customer name (from Primalac1/Primalac2)
- Issue date (document_date)
- Source warehouse (NasObjekat)
- Status
- Line items (SKU, name, quantity, UOM)
- Notes

**Receiving Documents (Optional):**
- Can also sync incoming shipments
- Set `CUNGU_RECEIVING_METHOD=GetReceiptDocWMS`

---

## API Rate Limiting (Protecting Pantheon)

### Built-in Protections

1. **Time window**: Only fetches last 24 hours (not full history)
2. **Pagination**: Max 500 docs per request (set by `CUNGU_SYNC_PAGE_SIZE`)
3. **Interval spacing**: 30-minute gaps between syncs
4. **Single-threaded**: One sync at a time (no parallel requests)
5. **Error handling**: If sync fails, waits full interval before retry

### Request Volume Calculation

**Example: 30-minute intervals**
- Requests per hour: 2
- Requests per day: 48
- Requests per month: ~1,440

**With 500 doc limit:**
- Max documents per day: 24,000 (more than enough)

**Actual load:**
- Most syncs will fetch 0-50 new documents
- Empty syncs are lightweight (< 100ms)
- Pantheon server handles this easily

---

## Manual Sync (Keep Button)

The sync button in the UI still works for immediate syncs:

**Frontend calls:**
```typescript
POST /api/integrations/cungu/sync
{
  "shipping": {
    "dateFrom": "2025-11-01",
    "dateTo": "2025-11-25",
    "warehouse": "Veleprodajni"
  },
  "persist": true
}
```

**Use cases:**
- Import historical data (one-time bulk import)
- Force immediate sync (when you know new orders exist)
- Sync specific date ranges
- Testing/troubleshooting

---

## Monitoring

### Check Sync Status

```bash
# View recent sync logs
ssh root@46.224.54.239
docker logs alta-wms-backend-prod --tail 100 | grep "Cungu sync"

# Check for errors
docker logs alta-wms-backend-prod --tail 500 | grep -i "error" | grep -i "cungu"
```

### Expected Log Output

**Successful sync:**
```
[CunguSchedulerService] Starting scheduled Cungu sync cycle…
[CunguSyncService] Fetched 12 shipping documents from Cungu (filtered by warehouse: Veleprodajni)
[CunguSyncService] Imported 12/12 shipping documents into database
[CunguSchedulerService] Scheduled Cungu sync cycle finished.
```

**No new documents:**
```
[CunguSchedulerService] Starting scheduled Cungu sync cycle…
[CunguSyncService] Fetched 0 shipping documents from Cungu
[CunguSchedulerService] Scheduled Cungu sync cycle finished.
```

### Grafana Dashboard (Future)

Add metrics:
- Sync cycle duration
- Documents fetched per sync
- Import success rate
- API errors

---

## Troubleshooting

### Scheduler Not Starting

**Symptom:** No logs about "Cungu sync scheduler"

**Solution:**
```bash
# 1. Check if integration is enabled
docker exec alta-wms-backend-prod printenv | grep CUNGU_API_ENABLED
# Should return: CUNGU_API_ENABLED=true

# 2. Check interval setting
docker exec alta-wms-backend-prod printenv | grep CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL
# Should return: CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=30

# 3. Restart backend
docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml restart backend
```

### No Documents Being Imported

**Possible causes:**

1. **Wrong warehouse name**
   - Check `CUNGU_DEFAULT_WAREHOUSE` matches Pantheon's "NasObjekat" field
   - Case-insensitive matching, but should be exact

2. **Date range issue**
   - Sync fetches last 24 hours only
   - For historical data, use manual sync with specific dates

3. **Documents already exist**
   - System skips duplicates (by order_number)
   - Check database: `SELECT * FROM shipping_orders WHERE order_number LIKE '2420%'`

4. **API credentials wrong**
   - Check logs for "401 Unauthorized" errors
   - Verify `CUNGU_API_USERNAME` and `CUNGU_API_PASSWORD`

### Import Errors

**Symptom:** Logs show "Error importing shipping document"

**Common reasons:**
- SKU doesn't exist in items table → Create item first
- Customer name doesn't match → Will create new customer
- Missing required fields → Check document structure

**View detailed errors:**
```bash
docker logs alta-wms-backend-prod 2>&1 | grep -A 5 "Error importing"
```

---

## Security Notes

### Credentials Storage

**Current:** Plain text in `.env` file ✅ (acceptable for single-server)  
**Production best practice:** Use secrets manager (see ENTERPRISE_READINESS.md)

```bash
# Secure the .env file
chmod 600 /opt/alta-wms/.env
```

### Network Security

- Pantheon API is over HTTP (not HTTPS)
- Consider VPN/private network for production
- API token expires after JWT_EXPIRES_IN (currently 3 days)

---

## Performance Impact

### Backend Load

- **CPU**: Negligible (< 1% per sync)
- **Memory**: ~50MB during sync (released after)
- **Database**: 100-500 INSERTs per sync (fast)

### Pantheon Server Load

- **One API call** every 30 minutes
- **Filtered by date** (only last 24h)
- **Paginated** (max 500 docs)
- **Very light load** on their server

---

## Upgrade Path

### Phase 1: Current Setup ✅
- Manual sync button works
- Automatic sync via scheduler
- Single warehouse

### Phase 2: Multi-Warehouse (Future)
```bash
# Sync multiple warehouses
CUNGU_WAREHOUSES=Veleprodajni,Podgorica,Ulcinj
```

### Phase 3: Webhook Integration (Future)
- Pantheon pushes changes to Alta WMS
- Near-real-time sync (no polling)
- Requires Pantheon server changes

---

## Quick Start Commands

```bash
# 1. SSH to production server
ssh root@46.224.54.239

# 2. Edit .env file
cd /opt/alta-wms
nano .env

# Add these lines:
# CUNGU_API_ENABLED=true
# CUNGU_API_URL=http://cungu.pantheonmn.net:3003
# CUNGU_API_USERNAME=CunguWMS
# CUNGU_API_PASSWORD=C!g#2W4s5#$M6
# CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=30
# CUNGU_SYNC_PAGE_SIZE=500
# CUNGU_DEFAULT_WAREHOUSE=Veleprodajni
# CUNGU_SHIPPING_METHOD=GetIssueDocWMS

# 3. Restart backend
docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml restart backend

# 4. Watch logs to verify it started
docker logs -f alta-wms-backend-prod | grep -i cungu

# 5. Wait for first sync (in 30 minutes)
# Or trigger manual sync via admin UI
```

---

## Testing Before Production

**Local testing:**
```bash
# 1. Copy production credentials to local .env
cd "/Users/doppler/Desktop/apps/Alta WMS"
cp env.production .env

# Add Cungu credentials to .env
# Set CUNGU_SYNC_INTERVAL_MINUTES=5 for faster testing

# 2. Start backend
docker compose up backend

# 3. Watch logs
docker logs -f alta-wms-backend | grep Cungu

# 4. After 5 minutes, should see sync cycle
```

---

## Summary

✅ **Automatic sync infrastructure exists** - just needs configuration  
✅ **Safe for Pantheon** - controlled intervals, pagination, filtering  
✅ **Zero manual work** - documents import automatically  
✅ **Manual override available** - sync button still works for immediate needs  
✅ **Monitoring built-in** - detailed logs for troubleshooting  

**Next step:** Add environment variables and restart backend!

---

*Documentation by GitHub Copilot, November 25, 2025*
